Okay. First of all, to go to A&M, and second, to meet
Gabe Anderson, who was really one of the finest
human beings you'll ever meet, and was really
quite an influence on me at A&M. In what way? Just
being a good friend and a good roommate and being
right, correct. What do you mean correct? Honest?
Well, honest. He just had good human...
coordination with others, and just a fine man. And
he'd been a very successful man in business, I
might add. What happened to him? What business?
Where'd he go? He wanted to, and I might say I was
very fortunate to get into C Battery, too, which
maybe we can develop later. Gabe Anderson went in
on active duty, of course, same time the rest of us
did. He wound up in the 1st Army Division in Africa
and then later in Europe and went through the war
with that division.
And I understand was a very fine officer. And when
he came back, he really wanted to stay in the Army.
But then it developed that he did stay for,
I guess, a couple of years, as I recall.
But then he decided to get out, and he went back home
to Farwell. Farwell, you know, is right in that
great High Plains farm country over there. And he
went into the grain elevator business. When he was
in high school,
he had worked for a grain elevator at Farwell. And
he knew something about it, and he liked it. And
that was good grain country. This is before the, as
I recall it, this is before the irrigation days,
however, that he went into the grain elevator
business then on his own. I think he had a partner or
two initially. And then they just started
irrigating that country and took off. And dang, he
had more grain elevators standing than most
ranchers had cattle. and just handled it
beautifully. And I think when you get into
something that big, you've got to know what you're
doing to do it well. Anyway, he's been very, very
successful. We still, all through the years,
we've corresponded. Everybody's a poor letter
writer now, but every once in a while, maybe the
average of every six months, I'll call him and
he'll call me. And we'll literally talk for a half
hour, 45 minutes over the telephone.
Well, I'm certain he's a multi-millionaire, but I
don't have any idea. But you'd never know it from
his conduct or
by comparing him today with what he always had
been. Okay. When you went to A&M, when you first
thought about going to A&M, did the idea of the
military have anything to do with your decision?
Because it's a military school. Everybody had to
be in the Corps then. No, it really didn't. As a
matter of fact, I knew it was a military school.
That didn't bother me, but I had no particular
objectives in the military end of it. I did think
that, as I still do, that in this country and under
our system, it's a good idea to be a reserve officer
if you're capable and have the opportunities. And
if you're ever called in the Army, I think as a
enlisted man, or in the services, or an officer,
you should serve to the limits of your capacity.
I've had very promising citizen soldiers in World
War II, for example, in some cases in Vietnam, who
appeared to have everything on the ball you need,
but when you suggested they be commissioned, they
don't want it because they don't want the
responsibility. Well, of course, then that
separates them. I think there's an obligation to
serve to your capacity. But no, I had no, I had very
little military knowledge and background at that
stage. And I knew that in the Spanish-American
War, my father had just completed organizing a
company, local company, to go to the
Spanish-American War when, you know, it was a very
brief war. It was called off. Sure. He was too old to
be... to serve in World War I. His father and his
father's brother were in Hood's Coward Civil War.
And of course we didn't do a very good job of
preserving the details on that, but that was a
matter of proud history. On my mother's side, her
Her father was too young for the Civil War, but his
brothers were in the war. And, of course, they had a
better family history to hand down on that than the
Becker side. Those things fascinated me, but they
didn't really set any goals for me in the military.
So I just went in to be an A&M cadet, or a student, and
thereby a cadet, and that's where I started. And at
no time did you ever think of going to the military
academy, for example. No, not really.
Because one of your brothers went to Princeton,
right? Isn't that what you told me? Yeah. Oh, yeah,
okay. And so he left Texas, and I was wondering if
your dad ever thought that you should leave Texas
for any other university. No, I never really had
any desire to leave Texas. In fact, I never got out
of the state boundaries until I went there and went
to a football game in Arkansas. No, I never
considered the military. I didn't want, you know,
it was not consciously after a military career.
And I think if I had been urged to go to West Point,
for example, I probably would have turned down
because it was, not because what I knew about it,
but because of what I didn't know about it. You just
didn't know anything about the military. That's
right. Okay, all right. Now, what were your first
impressions when you arrived at A&M?
Well, my first impressions were that I was in a
totally different world. But except for the
pressures of being a fish, I liked everything I
saw. What do you mean, a totally different world?
In what way? Well, I had just never been in an
environment with people organized like that,
with this vast plant. which even in those days
appeared to us to be a vast physical plant. And I was
having my horizon open on what education is. And
that first week, it just seemed too much to take in.
I guess I'm saying that's a country boy's reaction
to going to college. I had never been on that campus
before. That's another question I wanted to ask.
Never been on that campus. So this is the first time
that you have. Of course, when you went to the A&M in
those days, and after that first two weeks or so, I
was in a military outfit, that takes over your
life. Okay, what outfit were you in again? I was in C
Battery Field Artillery.
First Battalion of the Field Artillery Regiment.
And the reason I was there because I met Gabe
Anderson. Right, right. And where'd you live? I
lived in Leggett Hall those first two years, and
then the second two years we moved over to the new
area. What was then the new area? Quad, they called
it now. Did you eat at Sabisa? I ate at Sabisa Hall.
What did you think of the food? I thought it was
good. I always thought the food at A&M was good.
What did you think of the accommodations? It
wasn't that important. Those rooms were small,
and that old legged hall wasn't very fancy, and you
had to sweep awful hard to get the dirt off the
floor. But that wasn't all that important.
We had an entirely different view of facility
requirements then, I'm sure, as compared to
today. What was important, now? The important
thing to me, and I think all of us there, was we'd
just come out of a, well, we were not really fully
out of that depression in 37. Sure, absolutely.
And I just felt darn lucky that I got to arrive there
with the prospect of completing an education
there. Now, that really was, boy, that's what was
important to me. I knew what work was. I'd learned
that here. Our father kept us busy all the time. If I
can hark back to that a bit, he had these five boys.
Of course, Brian's a little young, but the four of
us had chores to do morning and night. Naturally,
you would in a place this big. And when you get out of
school in the summertime, the first thing we did
was cut oats and shock them. and thrashing. Then
we'd bale hay for seemed to me like months. It was
actually weeks. And we'd haul cordwood to that
cotton gin. That boiler was fired by wood,
furnace. He'd use about 300 cords of wood a year.
And so each of us have a team of mules or a team of
horses in the wagon to just haul cord after cord to
stack over there. that were cut out of these woods
here on the place. And if it wasn't time to start
ginning cotton by the time that was done, we'd go to
the cotton patches, whole cotton or something of
that sort. So anyway, I knew what worked. And as a
matter of fact, I knew that
I was going to have to work summer and at school to be
able to make it than I did. I
remember when Dad, when I left to go to A&M, Dad
handed me a checkbook and says, take this with you
and use it when you need it. Just remember, don't
have any money.
And so that's the way I used it. That's the way I used
it. Were you employed on your A&M? I worked at what
they call the student labor program. You were
allowed to work for the college 12 hours a week at
$0.25 an hour. And I did my full 12 hours every week
beginning, I believe, the second semester of my
freshman year. I just was too consumed that first
semester. And you did everything. shovel horse
manure off the streets to cutting brush to tending
lawns, just whatever had to be done. There was a
student labor force that did a lot of the
maintenance. Now, some of the more fortunate
guys, I thought, were those that did janitor's
work. They were hard to come by, those jobs that did
the dormitories. And even the cleaner job was to be
a waiter in the mess hall. But I worked until my
senior year. I thought, I'm maybe getting ahead of
the story, but I thought I was going to be editor of
the Longhorn, we called it then. A yearbook. I had
been elected editor. And I was best paying job in
school. But I was also appointed cadet colonel.
And in that year, the administration had made some
regulations that said that any student could
accumulate only so many student activity points.
Have you been aware of this? No. And the maximum
number were 10.
If you were a member of one of the recognized
academic clubs that corresponded to your major,
for example, I believe that was two points. If you
were an officer in it, it was five points. And so you
can see that after a while, you can accumulate 10
points. I was very active in a number of activities
down there. But when I was appointed cadet
colonel, that's 10 points. Editor of the
yearbooks, 10 points. Each one of them is the
maximum. So I had to resign.
as editor of the yearbook. It was my choice. And it
was a proper choice. You would have rather been the
colonel than the editor. I felt that was, as badly
as I needed the money and as much as I had worked for
that other job, I'd say I'd worked on it for two
years before the yearbook, I still felt being
leader of that cadet corps was clearly the choice.
Why?
When all was said and done, I said that my
main objective was to get a good education. But
actually, I was a part of that bunch of men. And
whether it's, as we were talking this morning,
whether it's a university or an army unit, it's not
the plant or the facilities or the weapons. It's
the people that count. And so I wanted to, I thought
I was very fortunate. I couldn't figure out how in
the world I was chosen in the first place. And I
still don't know. But there was no question. I
wanted to be the cadet colonel. I never
contemplated being it, really. Even though I was
Sergeant Major the year before, I just couldn't
see. I mean, I guess I wasn't confident enough. I
wasn't counting on it happening, in other words.
Tell me how it came about. Well, as I say, I'm not
certain how they choose the cadet colonel. The
military department makes most of the
determination, I'm sure, but of course the
president of the university always, at least in
those days,
he could approve or disapprove. But they looked
for someone whose academic standing was very
important.
Activities and extracurricular
activities and positions in them was important.
Obviously, the military aptitudes and standing
academically in military subjects, was very
important. I had been chosen the year before as the
Corps
Sergeant Major. In other words, I was the senior
non-commissioned officer in the Corps under
Cadet Colonel Woody Varner, whom you may know of,
later became President and Chancellor of the
University of Nebraska. And I'm sure he had a lot to
do with it. That is, his recommendation was
considered. And anyway. So you had a position of
leadership. Yes. In the Corps, no question about
that. I never got to command the Corps in the Army,
but I did command the Corps at A&M.
And as far as you were concerned, It was much more
important to have this position dealing with
people than have one making money. Yes, and I took
care of the money thing. I could take you here down
to camp and meet the president of the First
National Bank, and he must be 75. He was, of course,
a young man then. He's probably in his early 70s.
But anyway, he staked me. I borrowed money from
that bank, and I did each year a little bit, but he
had to carry me that last year. Dad always helped,
but I figured I had to do at least half of it. I was
working two summers. I worked
what was then a good job. Doing what? $100 a month.
I had a crew. of me and one other fella going all over
this county for the Agricultural Stabilization
Office measuring croplands. You know, in those
days they had controls on how much cotton. Sure. So
forth. And we measured it by chains in those days.
This is like the summer of 38 and 39? Yeah. And I got
to mow, I got all over this county, and I got to mow
people. Farmers living on the farm, landowners
living in town. And that was a very fun experience,
I might add. No kidding. And $100 a month. That was
big pay. How'd you get that job? I think the
director of that program was a good Aggie. I think
that probably. But my dad probably helped.
I was going to add a moment ago. On this selection of
the cadet colonel, I should have mentioned,
because it's very important. You know, at the end
of your junior year, you go off to ROTC camp. And
that's really where the final tests are, whether
they're consciously tested or not. That's where
the final test is. Because then you get an
opportunity for practical leadership of your
peers as you're organized for various phases of
that camp work. And you get the opportunity.
demonstrate that you have learned what they've
been teaching in the military science courses.
Well, did you go or did you not? Oh, yes. See, I went
to my senior year before being, I mean my junior
year before being selected for, appointed cadet
colonel my senior
year. But when I got out of A&M, I owed something
less than a thousand dollars. And that looked like
a mountain of debt to me. My pay as a new second
lieutenant on active duty was $125 a month. And I
paid that back on a lieutenant's pay the first two
years I was out. In those days, it cost about $500 to
go to A&M
Direct cost. For living, all expenses.
Were the farmers resentful in this area toward the
controls and the Roosevelt administration? They
were. And
that may have influenced my opinion a moment ago,
that I think farmers would just like to be free of
all this. They'd be willing to be free of subsidies
if they could be free of controls. and
regulations, and
some of these controls were indirect, I guess. Oh,
I had one farmer. We had some interesting
experience. Some of them were very resentful of
it, in fact, angry about it. Most of them accepted
it. And most of the people, even though I might be in
the far corner of the county, they probably knew my
dad, so that kind of helped, you know. But I
remember right in this community,
one farmer sent me word not to show up to measure his
land. And if I did, he'd be waiting with a shotgun.
Really? Did you go do it? I had to. And he just
bluffed. We had no problem. But he scared the hell
out of me. I bet you. That's how extreme it was. Some
of them were that extremely bitter about it. Tell
me about hazing at A&M.
Hazing at A&M was accepted,
basically, when I entered A&M.
My observation of it over four years was that
hazing left something to be desired. The outfit I
was in, I never saw it. I mean, you know, it hurts to
be paddled with a board the way they did, but I never
saw it done as just pure retribution. And I never
saw it done in anger.
And the only time I ever saw it overdone in my
opinion, in my outfit, was that the,
what we call the, I think what we used to call it was
pinning on the stripes.
A&M, after the first few weeks, they'd publish a
list of appointments. The leaders were appointed
early. the cadet commanders and first sergeants.
And then they fleshed that out after we all got down
there. I guess one reason was because they weren't
sure who was going to show up. So then each outfit,
at least mine did, had a formation which if I, as a
sophomore, got promoted to corporal, I got two
stripes. So each upperclassman had the privilege
of pinning those stripes on. That was two licks for
the board. Some of them, realizing how many licks
you're going to get, were very, very soft with
them. But others who had a special relationship
with you one way or another would let you have it.
But I say that was overdone simply because of the
numbers involved, not still those elements that I
mentioned that would make it really
insupportable. It just didn't exist. I probably
shouldn't comment beyond that, because I had
never witnessed
the hazing in other outfits. But I think the board
was misused in some outfits. Now, this was a
function, again, of leadership. And we had
commanders in that battery that I was in that just
saw that it was never abused.
The controls on the sophomores, because they were
freshly removed from being freshmen, were almost
as strict as they were on the freshmen because they
didn't want them to abuse hazing. Now, I've just
spoken of the physical hazing, or the board
hazing. There were other aspects of physical
hazing, and there was some mental hazing, but the
mental hazing I never thought really was
objectionable. It was just part of the program.
Now, I might comment that having gone back to A&M in
1946 for three years on the staff,
I think the mental hazing and probably the
physical hazing were even worse, although the
board was less used.
Did you think that hazing was a good idea or a bad
idea? If I were inventing it, I would not have put it
in there. But this built up over a number of years of
tradition, and I'm sure I've seen it because I was
there as a student and later as a member of the
military staff. It's had its phases and it's had
its... What was the purpose, as far as you were
concerned as a student? First of all, the purpose
of hazing, as I would assess it, and would still be,
is to subordinate the... the private. You've got
to do that somehow. And you're not in ranks that
often or that long. You're in all ranks often. But
you don't have enough time to train as a military
unit to accomplish this, devoting all day in
uniform and formations. So that's the first
purpose. Somehow, at the time I went to A&M,
They made you very much aware at the time you got
there that there were no boys at A&M. I don't know
whether you heard that expression or not. Anybody
enrolled in that cadet corps is a man.
And so, in some way, this was designed to make
a man, I guess. Quickly. Yeah. And prove to those
newcomers that they could be men. not
just at A&M, but at A&M, too, you'd hear the
expression, or somehow that you can take it aspect
was attached to Hazen. And I really don't know. In
some organizations, I think it was a matter of
punishment, too, but I don't think that that was
the primary. I think that had come fourth in this
line of four. As I knew it. I think it may have
shifted some emphasis, but of course, when I was
back on the staff, I wasn't really that close to it.
You couldn't get, as a staff member, you don't get
that close to it. What did you like about the Corps?
Well, the main thing I liked about the Corps is that
I felt a part of something defined.
I had a defined part in it.
I think I was conscious of the fact that I didn't
know where all those boys came from, but I knew I
came, I'm a country boy.
But that sort of equalized us at Cadet Corps,
because we were all there on the same basis. We all
dressed alike. We all did the same thing except in
our classrooms and when we went home. So it didn't
make any difference if you were wealthy or poor? It
didn't matter whether you were wealthy or poor. It
didn't matter whether you were a member of the
Houston Country Club or had your recreation,
hunting and fishing, as I did largely.
It just was a great equalizer. And of course, that
meant that
we all had the same responsibility and same
opportunity at each level.
And of course,
I never really thought of these terms, but I
probably wouldn't have been a cadet colonel if it
weren't that way. I mean, you know, if there were
any gradations of who you are because of where you
came from. It
was a great thing, and a great spirit there. That
was another thing you liked? Oh, tremendous, you
bet. I liked the spirit.
That old Aggie spirit, it doesn't take long for you
to get it, and it becomes more and more ingrained,
and the old all for one, one for all means
something. I have been, of
course, in my military career over much of the
world. Well, certainly not all of it, but
only one place was I ever stationed in my thirty
years of service where I didn't have at least one
other Aggie to have a muster with on April 21st. No
kidding. Where was that? And we always had them.
That was in Yugoslavia. I was . And there weren't
too many Aggies there. No. But if I can digress a
minute, Fran, of course, was very my wife.
And by the way, we haven't gotten into our kids and
things yet. But I'd like to talk about them some
when the opportunity's proper. But Fran, you
know, was brought up down there. Her dad was a
graduate of A&M on staff down there. He was in the
experiment station.
But anyway, we both felt very oriented toward A&M.
And on that occasion in Yugoslavia, she and I were
consciously observing the occasion. And seated
in our home there in Belgrade, and the phone rang.
And it was Colonel Chester Schaefer of the class of
33, Army,
and Major George, Lieutenant Colonel I guess he
was at that time, George Cooper, class of 42, that
I'd gone through the war with and was a great
friend. And Chester Schaefer and I for years,
we didn't write, but we'd call each other. And
somehow we got into the contest of When I'd place
the call, I'd try to hook him into accepting a
collect call and vice versa. But we had a long
conversation. We'd succeeded in that case. I
didn't feel that if I'd accepted this guy's call
from Schaefer and found out he was there, I felt
defeated. But we had a long conversation from
Frankfurt, Germany to Belgrade.
after we'd said about all there was to be said, I
started sort of signing off, and Chester said,
well, now, Becker, don't hang up on me. He said,
you're paying for this call, don't you know? And I
said, Chester, don't you know that nobody can
reverse charges into Yugoslavia? Which they
couldn't do. So he had to pay for that call, after
all. He thought I was paying for it. But... That A&M
spirit stays with you forever? It does. I don't
know. I've never found...
Well, the West Point Society meets wherever they
are, their people, each year. Never anything like
this A&M must have. They don't have the spirit that
A&M does. Well, they don't have the ceremony to it.
What about just the spirit? Do they have the
spirit? I don't think so. I don't think it's the
same. I think they have a fine spirit at West Point,
but I don't think, this may be precious, but I don't
think it matches the A&M's. I don't know what the
A&M student body's status of spirit is now,
frankly. I don't really know. Were there, of
course, those are some of the things that you liked
about the Corps. Were there some things that you
disliked about the Corps when you were there?
Anything? I can't think of a thing that I disliked
about the Cadet Corps. Nothing. At any year. Now,
don't get me wrong. There were times when I just
didn't like it worth a bit that we fish were called
out to drill an extra hour in the day. I could
recognize when we first got there we had to have
training to be able to march properly. But there
were times when I thought it was excessive. I mean,
you know, things of that sort, but as far as the
Corps and what it stood for and what it did and how it
was organized and operated, I thought it was
nothing but right. And I, uh, we'll get into the
downgrading of the Corps later, but at that time I
think it was right. Okay. Now, you became a
general. In which way do you think that the Corps
helped your advancement
in the military? Well, I think the Cadet Corps at
A&M is a very serious, was a very serious military
organization. And to the extent of our capacity as
young cadets, we didn't know we were copying the
Army, but our mentors there had us aim just in the
same direction.
So it was a little miniature Army organization.
After I left A&M, I came to learn that a lot of our
yells that we'd do at football games really
originated at West Point. And I'm sure military
instruction over the years brought them in there.
But the main thing that the Cadet Corps helps
anybody who chooses a military career, and I don't
think it's essential, obviously, because
they're successful officers who never went to an
ROTC school but the main thing is that it gives you
that succession of experiences
that add up to cumulative leadership abilities
for example in those days when you entered A&M as a
freshman you were a private In the field artillery
training, in the marching formation, you were in
the position of a private, corresponding to what
it was in the Army. When you were a sophomore, if you
were measured up, you were a corporal and you were
in charge of a few people. During those times, you
were either in military formation or in military
instruction, practical instruction. Junior,
you were a sergeant, and that in large. You became a
platoon sergeant or section chief. And then, of
course, as an officer, if you were fortunate
enough to be selected as a battery company and
troop commander
or a battalion commander or a regimental
commander or the corps commander, you
accumulated in that senior year a great deal of
practical experiences in leading others,
directing and leading others. Discipline was
good in the cadet corps at A&M when I was there.
Excellent, I would say. But still,
running an outfit wasn't automatic. That company
commander or that battalion commander or
regimental commander and so forth, they had to
lead. And they did. And they did their very best.
And most of them who were selected for those jobs
did well. because they were selected well.
So it's just a miniature
range of experience that you then go into the Army
and match as you go up, except with greater
responsibilities and greater knowledge
required and greater preparation required to do
the military things. Do you think that there was
anything in the Corps that in any way hindered your
ability to become successful in the military?
Held you back? I can't think of a thing. Never
considered a thing.
I think it was all plus. I
think being in the Corps hindered to some extent
the academic side, but not very seriously.
Because the nature of our young people is such that
if they hadn't had those extra military things to
do, they'd probably been goofing off anyway
instead of studying. And we had more directed
study time as freshmen and sophomores than most
free students were put to it anyway. Now, you were a
leader in the Corps, and then you became a leader in
the military. Did the fact that you were in the
Corps have an impact on developing that role of
leadership? Well, I'm sure it did for the basic
reason I state, and that is that I got experience in
leadership there. Right. I don't think the—and,
of course, in those days, we were trained to— have
knowledge in a particular branch of the Army,
which you don't do anymore. That was helpful too,
very helpful. As a matter of fact, when we were
ordered to active duty, my first job was with a
battery of artillery. That's the proper level to
start your experience. And I'm
not suggesting that we were superior at all to the
West Point graduate, but the West Point graduate
that was in that outfit with me had had a non-branch
material, a branch in material training with
three months of service school. And that three
months just didn't catch him up to where A&M
graduates were in their branch knowledge and
capabilities. So really, We started out an
advantage to those other counterparts that
didn't have ROTC and full military
training as in the military schools like A&M and
BMI and so forth. Were some of the professional
soldiers at A&M at that time, were those
professionals, did they have an impact on you? Oh,
yes. I think the officers, of course, had a great
deal more because we were more direct contact with
the officers. We had some fine non-coms there.
Were there any that you were particularly close
to? Well, I was close to Sergeant Thomas, I
remember. A few. Now, I became Sergeant Thomas in—
other sergeant, but I came close to both of them in
the same way. I was a member of the A&M pistol team,
and at one time Thomas was our coach and this other
sergeant, I can't call his name. Later, Captain
Inslow was our officer supervisor.
Incidentally, you've heard a lot about A&M's
national football championship team, but we had
the national championship in pistol. Really?
When I was there. No kidding. Very, very fine
pistol team. competed with all the other ROTC
schools that were willing to compete.
Anyway, that's how I became very close to those two
particular sergeants. Then, of course, in the
course of the year, we'd get to know these non-con
pretty well because we'd be training with them.
They'd be our instructors at the low level, you
know, on the practical level. We had some that had
been there a long, long time. They liked ANU. by and
large. In those days, you know, if you enlisted for
a position and did it well, you could stay there.
Right. At the same rank. In the 1930s. That's
right.
What do you think was the quality of officers that
were graduated from A&M? Let's talk about that.
Did you think that those young second lieutenants
who were A&M grads were top notch or mediocre or
average? Were they well trained? I think that on
the whole they were absolutely outstanding
as a category of input to the officer corps. By that
I mean as a source. And this was not just my
judgment, but I say that for example in World War
II. I was in the 1st Cavalry Division, went through
the whole war with it. We had a number of A&M men in
the division when we went overseas,
a lot of A&M officers. But
that was, you know, we stayed in the outfit until we
got somebody got hurt or sick or whatnot. None of
this rotation. But we did lose officers through
casualties or promotion or transfers, and
my senior officers would seek the A&M officer, and
I've heard them say, more than one of them, I'll
take an A&M officer sight unseen. He doesn't even
need to see his record. Really? I heard that more
than once, both in Vietnam and World War II. From
officers who were not Aggies? Who were not Aggies.
That is. I've heard that from West Pointers.
Really? Yes.
So that's the kind of reputation they had. And
that's quite a reputation they left too. That sure
is. We had a number of I was in Vietnam a year and a
half with the 1st Cavalry Division again, and we
had a number of A&M graduate officers in there. And
they did well, but of course they were, under the
new program, they were not branch trained, but
they had that cadet corps training. And they had
that spirit and so forth. And they knew about that
reputation too. And even the A&M graduates in the
60s were attempting to uphold that tradition. You
bet.
Let's compare the young man who was just
commissioned from West Point as second
lieutenant versus the young man from A&M. How
would you compare their traditions?